README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="100%" src="https://github.com/lemonekq/betterlauncher-nextgen/blob/main/branding/1.png?raw=true">
  <img width="100%" src="https://github.com/lemonekq/betterlauncher-nextgen/blob/main/branding/2.png?raw=true">
  <img width="100%" src="https://github.com/lemonekq/betterlauncher-nextgen/blob/main/branding/bottom_after.png?raw=true">
</p>

<!-- desc, etc... -->

<hr>

<!-- Licenses, etc... -->

Fully Maintained by [lemonek](https://github.com/lemonekq) (GFX, BRANDING, CODE, DESIGN).
Built Using [WPF](https://github.com/dotnet/wpf), [.NET Framework](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/), [CMLib Auth](https://github.com/CmlLib/CmlLib.Core.Auth.Microsoft). <br>
[See Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/bettervulcan/betterlauncher-csharp/blob/main/LICENSE), [See MIT License (CMLib, WPF)](https://github.com/CmlLib/CmlLib.Core.Auth.Microsoft/blob/master/LICENSE). Betterlauncher-nextgen is an exclusive version of the electron one.
<br><br>
**If you want to use it in your own project, please star it and at least tag this repo somewhere in the credits <3**

Commit message:

patch from taskmgr repo + auth (waiting for help)

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="100%" src="https://github.com/lemonekq/betterlauncher-nextgen/blob/main/branding/1.png?raw=true">
  <img width="100%" src="https://github.com/lemonekq/betterlauncher-nextgen/blob/main/branding/2.png?raw=true">
  <img width="100%" src="https://github.com/lemonekq/betterlauncher-nextgen/blob/main/branding/bottom_after.png?raw=true">
</p>

<!-- desc, etc... -->

<hr>

<!-- Licenses, etc... -->

Fully Maintained by [lemonek](https://github.com/lemonekq) (GFX, BRANDING, CODE, DESIGN). Special thanks to **ksi123456ab** for helping with microsoft auth.
Built Using [WPF](https://github.com/dotnet/wpf), [.NET Framework](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/), [CMLib Auth](https://github.com/CmlLib/CmlLib.Core.Auth.Microsoft). <br>
[See Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/bettervulcan/betterlauncher-csharp/blob/main/LICENSE), [See MIT License (CMLib, WPF)](https://github.com/CmlLib/CmlLib.Core.Auth.Microsoft/blob/master/LICENSE). Betterlauncher-nextgen is an exclusive version of the electron one.
<br><br>
**If you want to use it in your own project, please star it and at least tag this repo somewhere in the credits <3**
